A2J VIEWER
==========

This the distributable production version of the A2J6 Viewer, below you will find a tree representation of the files in this folder and what those files are:

```
├── guides
│   └──default
│      └── Guide.json
|      └── Guide.xml
├── dist
│   └── ...
├── styles
│   └── viewer-avatars.css
└── viewer
│   ├── answers.php
│   ├── index.php  
│   └── viewer.html
├── README.md
└── package.json
```

* The `guides` folder is where the interview assets are located, here you'd upload or put an interview folder containing the Guide JSON and XML files, as well as other assets that the interview might need, like images, audio files, and template JSON files if the interview is using the Assemble destination buttons (Note: This folder will contain a `default` interview folder containing `Guide.json` and `Guide.xml` files of an example interview created to showcase some of the features of the viewer app).

* The `dist` folder is where the minified source files are located, these files
are generated by an automated build process and should not be modified, otherwise the app might not work properly.

* The `styles` folder contains CSS required by the SVG file that renders the
interview avatars.

* The `viewer` folder contains the entry `index.php`, which loads the current Guide list as well as the upload form to add new zipped A2J interviews.  `viewer.html` loads the app scripts and allows you to adjust some settings to modify the viewer app behavior, while answers.php is there to display xml output after submitting a completed interview.

* The `package.json` file lists all of the development dependecies of the viewer app, and should not be modified.


## To run the app:

You just need to place the containing folder so that your server can reach it
and then you should be able to load the app by loading in your browser
`{url to a2j-viewer folder}/viewer` which will load the `index.php` file inside the `viewer` folder.  This will allow you to upload a zipped Guide Interview for viewing, or select an interview from the populated list.
